The only way [music] to achieve
greatness is to see the fear and do it
anyway. Six years ago, we had this crazy
idea. We created these [music] vitamin
routines for specific hormonal life
stages. One of your products is being
consumed every second. What was that
early foundational stuff that you were
doing to like get [music] that traction
going? I
>> mean, our first year marketing budget,
we had $10,000.
>> Are you working with a lot of
influencers? Pull up a chair. So,
[music] here we go. Hey, business
besties. Welcome back to Female Found
World. It's Jasmine. I'm the host of the
show and today I'm chatting with Alex
Taylor, the co-founder [music] of
Parallel. Welcome. Thank you for having
me. For people that don't know Parallel,
what are you guys doing? [music]
>> We make targeted vitamin solutions for
each stage of a woman's hormonal journey
and we are founded by doctors and moms
as well. For you, co-founders, I
co-ounded the business with a woman
named Tori. She has a background in
finance and operations. And then my
other co-founder is Dr. Biotti. She is a
OBGYn on the west side here in LA with a
very holistic bend to her practice. And
in addition to my co-founders, we have a
founding team of medical adviserss that
also weigh in on all of our formulations
as well as our education and our
product.
>> Amazing. I want to kick off with some
milestones but to help people understand
what it is that you've built because
you've been around for only a few years.
Three years. Is that right?
>> Five years.
>> Five years. Okay. Five years, which is
still like pretty young.
>> And now you're selling one or one
parallel capsule is consumed every
second.
>> Yes.
>> That's wild. It's wild. I still pinch
myself when I hear that stat. It feels
completely surreal because, you know, 6
years ago we had this crazy idea and
obviously took about a year to get it
off the ground and now 5 years in as of
just a few days ago. It's just
unbelievable what we've created and it's
really a testament to our team and
finding a product that really met the
market in a moment when women wanted
something more comprehensive and
something they could trust. take us back
to those those early days of starting
the business.
>> I got the entrepreneurial bug very
early. I knew early on that I wanted to
start something after having been at a
startup and selling the business and
being part of that and seeing the
excitement but also the ability to shape
and build brands. At the time, who wear
was about 20 employees and it was a
daily newsletter very similar to like
daily candy. Talk about a throwback.
Mhm. So, it was a daily newsletter,
shopping focused, and I came in and had
a vision that this should be a
fullyfledged digital publishing empire,
and there's so much we can do here. And
so, I joined the business, became the
president and executive editor-inchief
over all of the entities that would
later come to life. So that included
birdie domain. We had a Gen Z
publication and then we eventually
launched a consumer goods division which
I was at the helm of as well where we
started to develop products really
leveraging all the information and data
that we got from our editorial content.
I ran the business helped spearhead all
the fundraising efforts. I learned so
much but I was very young in a very
elevated role. I was very aware of what
I didn't know and I was very conscious
of the fact that I was very young
>> and I was always a little insecure about
that and so I got myself a coach and put
some proverbial rings on my tree just to
learn how to lead as a young person
>> and it was one of the best investments
I've made. I he introduced so many
wonderful practices to my life from not
only how I show up with my team and
really helping me fight back against
that imposttor syndrome but he
introduced meditation to me and just so
many tools that I use now. So, as I was
running that business, I was being
honored on the Forbes 30 under 30 list.
And I only share that because I was
there and I broke out in shingles and I
was 28 at the time
>> and not
>> I also got shingles at 28.
>> You did? Yeah. We need I want to hear
>> Yeah.
>> We need to do a separate podcast where I
all about you cuz I hate talking about
myself. [laughter]
Um but I broke out in shingles and um I
also started to feel not at home in my
body. It was the
>> I know that sounds crazy to say but it
is a very real feeling and I was
suddenly lethargic. I was really foggy.
I just didn't feel good. And also my
doctors were like you're 28 you should
not have shingles. Like you're fully you
know this is this doesn't make sense. So
this set me off on a journey. And now
looking back, hindsight, you always have
such clarity. But at the time, I was
like, what is this mess of life I'm in?
You know, I'm I've hit my stride in my
career. I'm at the top of my game. Here
I am being honored. Like, what's going
on? Why is my body failing me when I
need it most? And after nine different
doctors and nearly a year of various
appointments, I was finally diagnosed
with an autoimmune disease. And you
know, autoimmune disproportionately
affects women. about 80% of cases are in
women. Why? We don't know because
women's health is vastly underresarched,
which now I do a lot of advocacy work
in. And this autoimmune disease would
later shape my fertility journey,
increase my rate of potential
miscarriage significantly, among other
things. It would shape my pregnancy, my
postpartum, and open my eyes to
something that I just couldn't unsee.
And through that journey of seeing all
of these different practitioners and
physicians to help me care for myself, I
started to piece together this crazy
vitamin routine. You know, when I was
optimizing for my fertility journey, I
was taking NAC and CoQ10 and a great
prenatal. And then once I became
pregnant, oh, you're building the, you
know, the neural tube in the early days,
you need more folic acid, less later.
So, I just had this experience where I
was piecing together this routine
constantly. And it was just also really
haphazard experience you know it was the
time um I was it was like 2017 2018 when
I was starting this journey was like you
can have anything delivered in 20
minutes and yet why is it so damn hard
to take care of myself with my
autoimmune disease what I learned was
that it was self-induced
by stress
and the lesson here to learn is that no
job is worth your health. No job doesn't
matter how great it looks on the
outside. At the end of the day, what is
critical is your health and the richness
of your relationships.
And that was such an eyeopening
experience for me as I don't want to say
I was a girl boss because I don't think
I was [laughter] I don't think I was
like a terrible person by per se. I know
they have there's a whole wrap there,
but like I was working really hard. I
was the girl waking up at 5:30 doing
Soul Cycle, drinking my lemon water. I
mean like the whole trope.
>> Mhm.
>> And what I realized is like that's not
happiness. And my god, I jeopardized my
health, like my potential unborn child,
my future for a job,
what was I thinking? And so it was a
really eye opening experience. And so
from there, I decided I needed to make
some changes. So upon my diagnosis, my
physician told me, "You have to do three
things." He said, "First of all, reduce
your stress."
Lol. I'm a millennial. I can still say
it. Like, what are you talking about?
What do you mean reduce my stress? Like,
I'm just a stress person. But I had to
take that seriously and I had to think
about what could I tangibly change to
support myself. Maybe I shouldn't be
doing highintensity workouts every
single day and pumping my cortisol. I
have to think like when I look at
Jenzie, I'm like, you guys have no idea
how how good you have it with this like
Pilates matcha situation. It's so good
and so healthy and balanced. We Yeah, we
definitely had it the other way.
>> Pushing ourselves every day.
>> It was wild.
>> Um, and that's like another can of worms
like culturally like how women believe
they do have to subscribe to that type
of energy and mindset.
>> But at any rate, the other two things
you told me to change were um to reduce
my stress, I had to start taking a
medication. Fine. Okay, great. And then
the third thing was they recommended
that I become gluten-free because
essentially in very layman's terms like
my thyroid was attacking itself and
there's some associations between gluten
and I won't go down that rabbit hole but
at any rate I made those three changes
and I committed I changed my job. I went
over to Urban and I joined Urban. But
while I was there, I had my first born,
my son. And um I just couldn't get it
out of my head that I wanted to start
something. As a new mom, I felt failed,
confused, frustrated. There were a few
different ideas I had in mind, but I
wasn't quite sure where it was. So, you
know, I think a lot of people when they
want to start something, well, what do I
start? And, you know, it's pretty wild,
but the universe will unfold and show
you.
>> I know that sounds crazy, but you know,
it it really did. And so as I was
talking to lots of people about these
different ideas that I had, a friend of
mine that I'd met who who was a VC said,
you know, I'm talking to another woman
who's kind of circling the same drain.
She wants to do something in this space
and she has completely different skill
set than you. You guys should brilliant.
And I was like, okay, like blind date.
Love it. She set us up on a blind date
and I show up and I was uh I had my son
was very young. I was still nursing him.
So I was like, "Okay, I got 45 minutes.
You got to get home and pump or feed the
baby." We um started to meet weekly and
just start to dream and think about what
could we create? Where is their white
space? What's needed? What were our own
personal challenges? And as we started
to talk more, I shared more about my
background and my experience. She
brought in her own very different
experience in terms of why she felt
frustrated in the vitamin aisle. And
when we came together, we thought, wait
a minute, there's such an opportunity to
reinvent this category and reinvent it
from the ground up built by women that
really understand what we as patients
and consumers need and want and expect,
but also can we partner with the doctors
and experts that know best. So together
we created these vitamin routines, full
vitamin routines that are made for
specific hormonal life stages. So we
started in the prenatal vitamin category
and then we expanded to support her from
menarchy. And so if people don't know
what menarchy, that's actually when you
start your period through menopause. And
so we've created these vitamin routines
that are created by our doctors. They
put together the latest research, their
clinical insights, and they craft a
routine that not only includes your
standard multivitamin or prenatal
vitamin, but additionally, what critical
supplements do you need during that
stage to optimize your health goal,
whether it be fertility or support that
hormonal stage that you're occupying?
>> I want to talk about the early days of
the business that
>> what you did in those first couple of
years to get the traction that then
later built this business where one of
your products is being consumed every
second. So much power is in the
pre-work.
You know, the the work that is even done
before you're in market and that's
really about a we knew we were entering
a highly commoditized category. So, how
can we differentiate? And for us, we
knew that opportunity was through a
powerful brand. Not just any brand, but
I believe powerful brands are brands
that are identity brands. Brands that
give someone a sense of place in the
world. People want to feel seen. We vote
with our wallets and we use brands to
communicate who we are. I mean, I'm sure
many of your listeners can look at their
vanity and proudly say like
>> this is me. I use say and I love summer
Fridays and I use herbivore botanicals
or whatever it might be and that says
something about them. That's so
powerful. You know, you think of someone
who walks around holding a MacBook
laptop that says I'm creative. You know,
whereas someone who's riding a
Harley-Davidson is I'm a badass. Like
it's incredible how we as humans use
brands to signal who we are and express
ourselves. It's beautiful. And we
thought no one's done that in this
category of women's health, specifically
vitamins. And what an opportunity. How
can we make this woman feel seen and
supported and really make her feel proud
to be part of something? So in those
early days there was a lot of pre-work
done on what the brand is, what is the
brand identity, what is our values, how
is the brand expressed, what is our
voice and tone, how do we differentiate
ourselves from other brands in the space
visually as well as tonally through our
voice that we're very proud of. So there
was a lot of work done and we put
together a pretty rigorous brand book
which is really where I thrive and I
love to spend a lot of my time in
defining. So we did that and then we
stepped back and thought about what can
only we do
and when we think about the skill sets
that we have you know what can only the
brand do from where does the brand have
authority and credibility to be based on
this structure we've established but
also you know between my co-founder
myself what are the skills that we have
that we can uniquely bring to this
business what can only we do and my
background as you know is in editorial
and brand building and content and
community. And so we said, let's lean
into that. We also saw there was just
such a gap. Women want to know more
about their bodies. While there's a lot
we don't know about women's bodies with
the wealth of knowledge we do have, how
can we bring that forward? And so we did
a lot of content development in those
early days. We launched our Instagram.
We had a pretty robust blog. We really
tapped the top experts and voices in
women's health or people that even had
their own personal story and
contextualize it through a medical
narrative
>> and we brought that forth. And so we
thought about it content was like our
proverbial campfire
>> and if we could use that campfire to
have people gather around it. We
naturally create community and we were
talking about this a little earlier
before we started recording, but when
you sit shoulderto-shoulder with someone
and you're learning something and you're
invested, there's also this janicequa,
like this connection that you build that
is very deep and profound. And so for
us, it was really using content to build
the brand. From there, we then leaned
into a lot of influencer. We were very
strategic with our influencer
partnerships. You know, where a lot of
brands will partner with with a with an
influencer and then move on to the next
one the next day. For us, we had two
things we really needed to build into.
We needed to one show the targeted
nature of our packs. the fact that you
can come in on our fertility pack and
once and if you become pregnant and you
move into our first trimester pack, our
subscription automatically updates you
into second and third and then
postpartum because we collect your due
date and we can support you with the
appropriate products of where you are in
your journey. And so we wanted partners
that could go through that journey with
us. And also the second thing is
authenticity. Like if you really love
our products like stick with us, show
your community. And that was critical.
So, we kind of took the influencer
playbook and lit it on fire and decided,
how can we do this differently? And we
invested in a lot of long-term
partnerships that showed the commitment
to our products, the respect and
reverence for the clinical backing and
the physicians involved, but also the
commitment to, wow, this really supports
me through all these stages. So, we did
a lot of that. And then also just
community building. So, whether that be
events and gatherings, really surprising
and delighting our women in a way that
only we could understand how to do. and
only Parallel has the authenticity to
deliver on. So we did a lot of that in
the early days and then honestly gave
away so much free product. I mean our
first year our marketing budget was
coming from my co-founder and I's bank
accounts. So it was like we had $10,000.
Okay, what are we going to do to compete
with the juggernauts? And so we really
thought outside the box. We gave a lot
away a ton of product. We tried to be
everywhere we could that really
reinforced trust. So if there was a
partner or brand that had a high level
of credibility and reverence for strong
formulations, clinical backings, we made
sure that we were part of that. Whether
it be giving them product for their
event gifting or just getting the
product out there because that was also
the X factor. It's rare when you create
a product that also has great marketing.
Like it's hard to create a great product
and a great brand because typically
you've got a founder that's really
weighted in one side or the other. And
that was the power of my co-founder and
I. She is incredible at the business
acumen. She is brilliant with finance.
She's absolutely amazing and I'm really
good at what I do on the brand building
side. And that really gave us a leg up.
So that's also just a testament to the
power of co-founders and you know
getting a lot further than you otherwise
could on your own and accepting help. So
those are some things that we did in the
early days that really established the
foundation and then we built on the
scale. I'm specifically want to talk
about the influencer marketing piece
because I think it's really interesting
in the way that you didn't just use
influencers to um I don't know I feel
like influencers can be used as like a
very much just like a brand awareness
tool or to make a brand feel relevant or
cool but you did it to build trust like
genuinely build trust.
>> What does it look like now? Are you
working with a lot of influencers? A few
influencers? Are they all still
long-term partnerships?
>> What are you doing?
>> So much pull up a chair. So here we go.
We have a lot of dimensions to our
influencer marketing strategy. So in the
early days, we first of all just had to
tell the world what is parallel and why
do you trust it. That was like the first
couple years of what we were doing and
how does the product system work? How do
people oscillate through the different
SKs and why do they love the experience?
Then we moved into the phase of okay,
how do we amplify this and get more out
there? also can we leverage influencers
for both brand awareness and trust
building but also in a performance
capacity to drive sales you know and
there's of course a few unicorns out
there that can do both but the reality
is is there's different camps and groups
of people that are more effective for
different KPIs so we have a whole cohort
of influencers that we engage to really
focus on conversion related partnerships
so they're really great at mobilizing
their audiences building trust and
getting them to buy a product. Then we
have other influencers that we purely
partner with for impressions and reach
and engagement that really ensure that
we're kind of building that microphone
of brand awareness, but they also have
to have the trust factor. So oftentimes
those partners are engaged in either
multimonth or multi-year partnerships.
We've had some folks with us for many
years. I mean a great example is Pia
Baroni. She was a ground zero customer,
loved the product, was genuinely taking
it, was recommended by her doctor. We
actually love when people are
recommended parallel by their doctor.
And then we like to elevate that story
because when we launched, we were in
about a hundred different doctor's
offices because doctors saw this. I'm
like, this is a superior product.
>> Yeah. I'm going to sample this to my
patients. So, at any rate, we really
invested in a lot of those long-term
partnerships and that's been incredibly
powerful for us. Then there's a layer of
the gifting and seating and affiliate.
You know, ShopMy cannot be understated.
It's an incredible platform for brands
as well as creators. And then we also do
a lot of gifting, ad hoc. We do targeted
giftings. We do experiential giftings.
And typically, if there's a brand
campaign gifting, there's a key message
that's meant to be conveyed through that
gifting and experience. And then we do a
ton of surprise and delight with our own
customer. I mean, she's ultimately our
greatest influencer. She influences us.
She's our muse. So, we're constantly
gifting her and surprising her with
different things along the way. So, if
you're a customer, you might be familiar
with some of those things. But, you
know, that's also something that sparks
great joy, but also supports the whole
marketing flywheel. You know, you have
to have boots on the ground, real
everyday people out there evangelizing
for your brand. And when we look at some
of our exit surveys, one of the one of
the biggest drivers is word of mouth.
>> You know, I want to talk about your
funding journey a little bit now. So,
you mentioned at the beginning that
super scrappy marketing budget, 10
grand. Let's see what we can do with it,
which like I relate.
>> Yes.
>> I am very curious about what your
funding journey has looked like cuz
you've raised money since then.
>> It's been 5 years. When did you start
taking on investment and why was that
the right time to do it or not the right
time on reflection?
>> Well, first of all, my co-founder and I
had been part of startups and high
growth companies prior to starting our
business and we had seen
>> the downside of raising a ton of money
and chasing an unrealistic valuation and
we saw a lot of that fallout over the
past 5 years and so we really took that
to heart as a cautionary tale. We didn't
have an ego. we had a lot of clarity of
what our business was and what it could
be. And so that actually allowed us to
approach the fundraising process with
more discipline and thoughtfulness than
I think
you know I think it's hard to turn down
a big check when you're a founder but
sometimes you have to.
>> Were people coming to you early on
wanting to invest? I feel like they
would have been. We maybe if it was a
different time, but the window of time
in the universe where we launched
Parallel
>> was not a time that anyone was giving
out any money.
>> So rolling the tape back, my co-founder
and I in 2019 had had like this idea
like maybe we'll do this. I don't know.
And then we both said, "Okay, it's about
to be the holidays. Like let's go have a
minute. If we wake up on January 1st and
we want to do this, like let's text each
other and do it." So January 1st, we
text each other. I'm like, "Let's do
it." So, we quickly, you know,
incorporated the business, put together
a pitch deck. Because our brand is about
targeted nutrition, we couldn't just
launch with one product. We had to
launch with five SKs. And theQoQs on
those SKs, I'll never forget, were 2500
units per skew.
>> So, it's not inexpensive to also like
buy the product, do the packaging, get
it all done. But we knew we had to do it
that way to communicate out of the gate
the parallel offers targeted nutrition
for each stage of womanhood. We had to
do it. And so like, okay, well, we'll
fund raise. So March 8th, we did our
first VC pitch. March 8th, 2020. I
emphasize the year because we all know
where this is going.
>> And two days later, everyone's
pocketbooks slam shut. The world shut
down. And we were in CO
It was really scary. I just left my job.
My co-founder, same thing. And we're
looking at each other like, what is
happening? I mean, the great unknown was
looming before us. And it it was really
scary. And we thought, okay, well, we
really believe in this business. We
actually think women need this more now
than ever. What are we going to do? We
said, let's bootstrap it.
I'm not an indep I was not from a
wealthy family. I've built all of my own
wealth myself. Uh my co-founder has her
own, you know, backing in terms of how
she kind of brought in her capital to
the business. And we both decided to put
in money into the business. And then we
also went out to friends and family and
brought in some friends and family via
Safe Note later. And I'll never forget,
we looked at each other and we said,
"Let's launch this in September 2020."
like let's just give ourselves a date.
[laughter]
We launched September 30th, 2020.
>> We made it.
>> We made it by the hair on our chinny
chin chins. We did it. And um yeah, so
those early days it was really tough
because all of the institutional capital
was dried up. They were either investing
in kind of saving the ship over here or
there of their current investments.
Obviously, there was a there was a large
resistance to risk and then also all the
goalpost, you know, moved. you know,
seed rounds didn't exist. Preed, never
again. Like these things just dissolved
overnight. And so we're looking at each
other, well, like let's just bootstrap
this, bring in friends and family, get
it off the ground. And within 30 days of
launching the business, we had shipped
to all 50 states.
>> Wow.
>> I mean,
we didn't content.
We did a really robust launch gifting.
We brought in partners who then
amplified like
I mean, you name it, we did it. But it
was very scrappy. I mean, we all hand
>> Was it just the two of you? What did you
do?
>> It was the two of us and then we hired
one person, our first hire who actually
worked for me for many years at Whoa,
where incredible human. Her name's
Carson. I have to give her a shout out.
She is just so brilliant. She was our
first employee. She did she did it all.
She was technically at the time our head
of content, but
>> you have to be a Swiss Army knife. You
got to be willing to roll up your
sleeves and do everything. I mean, we we
did it all. What does the team look like
now?
>> We have uh just under 40 employees.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> In LA.
>> All over.
>> Okay. Do you go into an office or do you
>> We have an office here in LA in Santa
Monica and then about a third of our
team is remote. Remote has been great.
It's allowed us to retain incredible
talent and give them the flexibility of
being remote.
>> Um you know, and I think in a postcoid
world just changed like you can get a
lot done. a lot of our creative and
brand team are together because some of
that work needs to be a bit more in
person. But, you know, it's it's
working.
>> Something that I'm really curious about
your story is you started a business at
a different stage of life than a lot of
people who come on the show. Like, you
already had this big corporate career.
You were already successful. And we were
talking a little bit before we turned
the mics on about this. And
>> it's just a different decision to go all
in to start a business if you're not a
college student or a recent grad
>> and the income you have to replace is
like very different. You've got
dependence.
>> Y
>> I want to learn more about the how you
made that decision
>> and why you decided to make that
decision and how you got to the point
that you felt comfortable in it
>> because I think there are people
listening who are like I want to take
that leap but like man that's scary. I
mean, wow. I there's so much I wish I
had known, but I had to go through it to
learn it
>> as we all do with life's lessons. But
maybe this will be helpful to someone.
But first of all, like that first pain
of fear, the only way to achieve
greatness is to see the fear and do it
anyway.
>> You have to go there. You have to go to
the other side. Greatness is there, but
it's the question of will you go. So
there's that first hump that you have to
get over and then you landed the world
of logistics and reality. And for me, I
was the bread winner in my family.
>> My husband was unable to work during
COVID because he worked in film
production which had completely shut
down.
>> And on top of that, you know, I had to
figure out the logistics. I was very
fortunate to have a home, but I had a
mortgage and I had children to feed and
responsibilities. And so that weighed
quite heavily. But also on the flip
side, I was pretty dissed from an
investment perspective because I was a
seasoned executive. I had a background.
I wasn't starting from zero. I wasn't a
college student, you know, eating Top
Ramen out of my dorm room.
>> I had built a career. I understand how
to lead a business, how to build a
brand. So there was a lot of value in
that. But that is completely overlooked
in the fundraising process and in
building your business. And there is a
lot of expectation that if you're
starting a business, you have to suffer.
>> And the reality is
>> you kind of do. It is hard. For me, it
meant a ton of risks. I would be lying
to you if I didn't tell you.
>> There were so many nights where I would
sit on the floor of my closet,
paralyzed.
Paralyzed. Completely paralyzed. like my
heart frozen because I was so stressed
and anxious and worried about how I was
going to pay my mortgage or how I was
going to pray for the nanny so that I
could even go work on my startup.
>> It was very very hard. But here's the
thing. When you're an entrepreneur, the
most important thing is you have to
believe in yourself that you're going to
figure it out. And figure it out I did.
I worked four consulting jobs.
>> Wow. to cover my costs of living so that
I could show up for my startup and cover
a nanny. You know, I had to do those
things. It sucked. It was so hard. It
was not fun. But also, greatness is on
the other side. I knew I could get there
with this brand. I knew we were building
something really important, and it was a
means to an end. And I knew it wasn't
forever. The next step is not the last
step. like we are so caught up in this
idea that this decision is going to be
all-encompassing forever. This is what
it is. And that's just not true. Things
will change. They always do. And as long
as you're taking that next step, you're
moving in the right direction. And so,
it was really, really hard. It was
impossible. I mean, also, you can't pay
yourself very much when you're starting
a business, if at all. So, you have to
get creative. For me, it was consulting.
So, I started with four consulting jobs.
I eventually narrowed to one and then
finally got to a place where I could
cover some more of my income. My husband
was working again. So, I was able to,
you know, be 100% at my business, but
that was really hard. How long did that
take? Because I don't think enough
people talk about the fact that
particularly when you're launching a
consumer brand. It's different if you're
launching like a service-based business
where you are getting paid immediately
for the work that you're doing. But
consumer brands take a lot of money
before you can start like drawing
anything out of the business. M
>> and a lot of people are asking this
question of like how do I like how do I
find the business? How do I find my
life? And
>> how long did it take you before you were
able to just be like oh this is my main
thing now.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> I mean the entire year pre-launch I was
consulting.
>> The whole year. Yeah.
>> The whole year. And then the first
pretty much the first year post launch I
was consulting on the side working off
hours
>> weekends nights. I was also I forgot to
mention this. Uh I
after having a tough time getting
pregnant the first time, I was surprised
pregnant the second time and I had HG
which is basically all day morning
sickness. I was like uh everything all
at once but also I believed in myself. I
dug
>> so deep.
>> I cried a lot. I also had the acceptance
of like things that I had to forfeit.
You know, when you're going to take a
risk like this and you want to change
your life, you have to accept that you
have to give up your old life to start
your new life.
>> And people love that saying, but they
forget that there is a tremendous amount
of grief that still comes with letting
go of your old life to bring in the new
life. And that was hard. And I navigated
quite a bit of grief, a new identity
shift. I mean, there was so much going
on for me beyond just my family, my
career, my place in the world, being a
big exec to being like this little
startup founder. I had to really get in
touch with like this ego and that it
doesn't freaking matter and just really
trust in myself. But it can't be
overstated. There is grief when you have
to give up your old life to start your
new life. And it's something that you'll
get through, but it's part of the
process.
>> Wow. That's so powerful. The last thing
I want to ask you, Alex, is for a
resource recommendation. Something that
people who want to build like you've
been building,
>> lead like you've been leading, they can
go and check out.
>> Let's see. Resources. Resources. Okay.
Honestly, your community, getting out
there, being with people. I cannot
understate how important my community
was in the early days of Parallel and
still is today. I would go to a ton of
events, meet a million brilliant people.
someone would always know a great
consultant for this or a great part-time
person for that. And the,
>> you know, at the end of the day, like
what do they say? Like half of success
is showing up.
>> I mean, I got so many incredible
recommendations just from my community
by showing up and being there and going
to the dinner that I was too tired to go
to, but I would go anyway.
>> Um, so really just my community has been
incredible. Although I've noticed that
you have an amazing community and I've
heard incredible things about resources
there.
>> Yeah, there's amazing group of women.
>> It's amazing to have that. Um, so yeah,
for me it's really been honestly my
community, whether it be, you know,
professional colleagues to now I have a
group of other founder friends that are,
you know, in the in the boat with me,
people that have businesses about the
same stage. It's almost like having
kids. Like, you know, when you have a
2-year-old, you can better relate to
someone who's like 2-year-old, cuz all
of a sudden, like, you forget everything
that happened with one-year-olds.
>> There's a reason why mom's groups are
based on like the month that you give
birth because 3 months in, like it's
irrelevant.
>> Exactly. But it's almost that way with a
company, you know? When I think about
who I need to support me
shoulder-to-shoulder, it's my founder
friends that have businesses that are
about five, six, seven years old.
>> Um, so, you know, it's,
>> you know, you're you're only as good as
your village. And it's been
>> I love that. Alex, thank you so much for
coming on Female Founder World.
>> Where can people find you? Where can
they find Parallel?
>> You can find me at it's Alex Taylor on
Instagram and you can find Parallel at
Parallel Health um on Instagram, online,
and all the usual spots.
>> Amazing.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> I just wanted to end the show with a
quick shout out to all of our paid
business besties subscribers. For $12.99
a month, you get [music] access to a
weekly live call with mentors who we
handpick from this podcast community.
These are founders who have been on the
show, experts and operators that are
helping to build their businesses. And
we want to give you access in a small
group setting on live calls every single
week so that you can get the mentorship
and advice that you need to take your
business to the next level. In addition
to the live calls and the community, you
also get access to a big database of
workshop recordings, group coaching call
recordings, templates, contact lists,
and just all of the tools and resources
that you need to make this business a
success. Head to
bestie.fefounderorld.com
or the link in the show notes to sign up
now.